[Merged by Bors] - Rename Eth1/Eth2 in documents (#3021)
sigp/lighthouse: book/src/voluntary-exit.md

Even though users can perform a voluntary exit in phase 0, they **cannot withdraw their exited funds at this point in time**.
This implies that the staked funds are effectively **frozen** until withdrawals are enabled in future phases.

> To understand the phased rollout strategy for consensus client, please visit <https://ethereum.org/en/upgrades/#roadmap>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To understand the phased rollout strategy for Ethereum upgrages, please visit <https://ethereum.org/en/upgrades/#roadmap>.
```

- The `--keystore` flag is used to specify the path to the EIP-2335 voting keystore for the validator.

> - The `--beacon-node` flag is used to specify a beacon chain HTTP endpoint that confirms to the [Eth Beacon Node API](https://ethereum.github.io/beacon-APIs/) specifications. That beacon node will be used to validate and propagate the voluntary exit. The default value for this flag is `http://localhost:5052`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `--beacon-node` flag is used to specify a beacon chain HTTP endpoint that confirms to the [Beacon Node API](https://ethereum.github.io/beacon-APIs/) specifications. That beacon node will be used to validate and propagate the voluntary exit. The default value for this flag is `http://localhost:5052`.
```
